Reword `about.rst` to not limit Sphinx (#128325)
python/cpython: Doc/about.rst

Reviewer: Let's also switch the section title on line 30 to sentence case:
```diff
-Contributors to the Python Documentation
+Contributors to the Python documentation
```

Re: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#capitalization

========================
About this documentation
========================

These documents are generated from `reStructuredText`_ sources using `Sphinx`_,

> a documentation processor originally created for Python.

Reviewer 2: Though not a native speaker, I'm fine with this current wording. It's also correct to say that it's a document processor *specifically* (I like that term explicitly) created for the Python documentation (and not for Python overall). Historically, we used to write the docs in LaTeX and moved to reST afterwards.

Now the term "document processor" is fine because it process documents, not necessarily documentation. 

But I agree that it could lead to another form of understanding if we use `specifically`

Author: ```
This documentation is generated from `reStructuredText`_ sources using `Sphinx`_,
a document processor originally created for Python.
```
How about this?

Reviewer 2: This looks good and properly convenes the intent that Sphinx was for Python. Let's ask my fellow Sphinx maintainer (and native English speaker) @AA-Turner for his opinion as well (we'll anyway need a core dev for merging).

> These documents are generated from `reStructuredText`_ sources using `Sphinx`_,
> a documentation processor originally created for Python.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Python's documentation is generated from `reStructuredText`_ sources
using `Sphinx`_, a documentation generator originally created for Python
and now maintained as an independent project.
```

Author: I like it, I'll commit it. A bit longer but clearer.
